Instructions for Capstone Project 1 - Online Resume
Project Specifications
Create an HTML file named index.html.

Use the <!DOCTYPE html> declaration at the beginning of the file to indicate that it's an HTML document.

Create a head section that includes a title element with the text "My Resume".

Inside the body section, write HTML code to create an online resume covering the following aspects:

Summary or objective statement

Education (list degrees, schools, and dates)

Work experience (list job titles, employers, dates, and responsibilities)

Skills (list relevant skills or areas of expertise)

Awards, certifications, or other achievements (list any relevant awards, certifications, or other accomplishments)

Use appropriate HTML tags to format the content of each section, such as h1 for section headings and ul or ol for lists.

Use HTML tags to add a profile photo of yourself.

Use relevant anchor tags to create a multi-page website, listing other aspects of your resume such as Hobbies and Contact details.

Add a footer element with your name and any copyright information or other disclaimers. (Hint: use the MDN docs for things you don't know how to do: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/footer

Save the index.html file and open it in a web browser to ensure that it displays correctly.

Add your website to your GitHub to start building your portfolio.

Publish your website using GitHub pages and share it here (in the Q&A) with other students.

Comment and make suggestions to other students' projects.



Example
https://appbrewery.github.io/capstone-1-example



Requirements
In order to keep the project within scope (time, energy, resource), you can only use HTML to complete thing project. Even if you know CSS and JS (which we're assuming you don't yet), you are expected to only write the website using HTML.

Imagine you are a professional developer working on this project. There will be things you don't know, things you want to do but haven't yet learnt how to. As a professional developer, you need to know the limits of your abilities and look up other things in Google, MDN docs, the internet.



FAQs
1. Can I use these Capstone projects in my job interviews?

Yes! That's the point of these capstone projects. Unlike course projects, which have solution code and video walkthroughs, Capstone Projects are meant to be entirely your "own work". There are over a million students who have enrolled on this web development course worldwide. If you add a course project to your portfolio, it's very likely that your client will know it's from this course. The capstone projects on the other hand, have no solution code, no walk through, no design specs. It's it purely your creation So it can definitely be counted as your own work and be added to your portfolio.

When I hire developers, I always ask for a portfolio. I consider what they have built by themselves to be far more important than which University they went to or if they have a computer science degree. Many of my friends who are CEOs in multi-nationals and startups agree.



2. What if I don't remember how to do something, even though I watched all the videos?

Watching a video is often not enough to learn a skill. That's why these capstone projects are a great opportunity to identify your weak points. While you're building, you'll find yourself stuck or forgetting how to do things. Great! It's then time to review previous lessons or online documentation to fill your knowledge gaps.

